put it down put it on the water
put on the water
our idea was to get the very
first video and photos ever have
a crocodile's jaws closed around
the camera
people have seen crocodiles on
the shore when your boat but no
one has seen crocodiles up close
personal because they're too
dangerous which is why we're
using these remote control votes
we had straps phone to them and
we put GoPros inside thought
it'd be really cool and we also
might learn something about how
crocodiles attack things
we got our very first at the
very first appointment
it was just cause around a
camera longer
I mean almost sent it two
seconds he was gone
that's how quick you disappear
if you're in fact
just matched it I mean it was
just
yeah great
yeah
fifty years ago there are almost
no crocodiles in northern
Australia and all that right now
everywhere you go there are
crocodiles are crocodiles in
every bill bond crocodiles and
every creak crocodiles and every
River
Oh
the main mission on this last
trip was to drive these remote
control boat see if we can
destroy them and they went
remarkably well
yeah